differentiate unlinkability between Issuer-RP and RP-RP (#211)
oauth-wg/draft-ietf-oauth-status-list: draft-ietf-oauth-status-list.md

## Unlinkability

The tuple of uri and index inside the Referenced Token are unique and therefore is traceable data.

### Colluding Relying Parties

> Two or more colluding Relying Parties may link two transaction involving the same Referenced Tokens by comparing the status claims of received Referenced Tokens, and therefore determine that they have interacted with the same Holder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Two or more colluding Relying Parties may link two transactions involving the same Referenced Token by comparing the status claims of received Referenced Tokens, and therefore determine that they have interacted with the same Holder.
```
